Then can you more about what we talked about on Monday?
I did.
But...
Why would your Hover make a rule like that?
No sex unless you're married. It's totally okay.
It might seem odd, but...
What quality do you most appreciate about your Hover?
Who's love?
Me too.
So, if he truly loves us,
look at what he tells us at Isaiah 48 verse 17.
I, Jehovah, am your God.
Your God, Jade.
The one teaching you to benefit yourself.
The one guiding you in the way you should walk.
I don't get it. It just doesn't make sense.
Question.
Does a little child always understand why mum and dad
warns them not to do certain things?
Probably not.
So, why all the rules and warnings?
Well, they love them, don't they?
And so, if Jehovah loves you,
it often takes time to appreciate why
Jehovah asks certain things of us.
But if we really love him,
we'll have faith that what he asks
is for the best.
The real question is,
do you trust him?
I won't do.
I really do.